yahoo.com
http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/details.html

skip search 
register 
sign 

y! homepage 

notifications 
mail 
y! 
yahoo! 
yahoo! 
search 
search 
breaking news yahoo! news latest 
×close window 
home 
products 
topics 
tools 

covers 
information collection 
information sharing disclosure 
cookies 
confidentiality security 
questions suggestions 
email 
print 
covers 
yahoo! takes seriously read learn 
federal government technology industry developed practical tips guard internet fraud secure computer protect personal information 
yahoo! uses personal information 
covers yahoo! treats personal information yahoo! collects receives information past yahoo! products services personal information information personally identifiable address email address phone number publicly 
applies yahoo! 
apply companies yahoo! control people yahoo! employ manage addition companies yahoo! acquired preexisting viewed acquired companies page 
yahoo! participation safe harbor program 
yahoo! participates safe harbor program developed u department commerce european union view certification u department commerce safe harbor information yahoo! participation safe harbor program safe harbor details page 
return 

information collection 
general 
yahoo! collects personal information register yahoo! yahoo! products services yahoo! pages pages yahoo! partners enter promotions sweepstakes yahoo! combine information information obtain business partners companies 
register ask information email address birth date gender zip code occupation industry personal interests financial products services ask address social security number information assets register yahoo! sign services anonymous 
yahoo! collects information transactions business partners information financial products services offer 
yahoo! automatically receives records information computer browser ip address yahoo! cookie information software hardware attributes page request 
yahoo! uses information general customize advertising content fulfill requests products services improve services contact conduct research anonymous reporting internal external clients 
children 
child age 13 attempts register yahoo! ask child parent guardian create yahoo! family account obtain parental permission 
yahoo! contact children age 13 special offers marketing parent permission 
yahoo! ask child age 13 personal information condition participation reasonably necessary participate given activity promotion 
return 

information sharing disclosure 
yahoo! rent sell share personal information people affiliated companies products services requested permission circumstances 
information trusted partners work behalf yahoo! confidentiality agreements companies personal information yahoo! communicate offers yahoo! marketing partners companies independent right share information 
parent permission share information child age 13 parents option allowing yahoo! collect child information consenting yahoo! sharing information people companies information 
respond subpoenas court orders legal establish exercise legal rights defend legal claims 
believe necessary share information order investigate prevent action illegal activities suspected fraud situations involving potential threats physical safety person violations yahoo! required law 
transfer information yahoo! acquired merged company event yahoo! notify information transferred subject different 
yahoo! displays targeted advertisements personal information advertisers ad serving companies assume people interact view click targeted ads meet targeting criteria—for women ages 18 24 particular geographic area 
yahoo! personal information advertiser interact view targeted ad interacting viewing ad consenting possibility advertiser assumption meet targeting criteria display ad 
yahoo! advertisers financial service providers banks insurance agents stock brokers mortgage lenders financial companies stores airlines software companies 
yahoo! works vendors partners advertisers service providers different industries categories business information providers products services requested read detailed reference links 
return 

cookies 
yahoo! set access yahoo! cookies computer 
yahoo! lets companies advertisements pages set access cookies computer companies cookies subject advertisers companies access yahoo! cookies 
yahoo! uses beacons access yahoo! cookies inside outside network connection yahoo! products services 
ability edit delete account information preferences 
general 
edit yahoo! account information marketing preferences time 
categories marketing communications added marketing preferences page time time users page opt receiving future marketing communications categories unsubscribe instructions contained messages 
reserve right communications relating yahoo! service service announcements administrative messages yahoo! newsletter considered yahoo! account offering opportunity opt receiving 
delete yahoo! account visiting account deletion page click read information possibly remain archived records account deleted 
children 
parents review edit delete information relating child yahoo! account using tools offered yahoo! family accounts 
parent chooses allow collect child information parents enrolled yahoo! family accounts delete child account signing child account visiting account deletion page click read information possibly remain archived records account deleted 
return 

confidentiality security 
limit access personal information employees believe reasonably need come contact information products services order jobs 
physical electronic procedural safeguards comply federal regulations protect personal information 
learn security security steps taken security steps read security yahoo! 

yahoo! update notify significant way treat personal information sending notice primary email address specified yahoo! account placing prominent notice 
return 

questions suggestions 
questions suggestions wish complaint complete feedback form contact 
yahoo! 
customer care issues 
701 avenue 
sunnyvale ca 94089 
408 349 5070 
feel inquiry satisfactorily addressed click information consumer agencies able additional assistance 
effective date november 22 2006 
return 

highlights 
manage ads 
experiences yahoo! relevant employ ads manage categories opt categories yahoo! ad manager 
relevant advertising 
bringing content advertising relevant tailored interests yahoo! provides compelling online experience customized smart services save time cut clutter learn relevant advertising 
blog 
yahoo! brings tool media mix 
yahoo! leads charge ‘do track proposal 
yahoo! launches global support track 
read y! blog! 
copyright © 2012 yahoo! rights reserved 
| legal 


